Let's now discuss the line chart. A line chart is a graphical
representation of a variable over time. So, I am going to create a new
line chart showing the actual sale price across the years.
I will rename the chart to line chart and I will choose the Line Chart
visualization type. In the x‑axis I am going to choose the Years Sold, while in
the y‑axis I am going to put the average actual sale price. And in the Color I
am going to choose the Zoning Classification.
Using the Color field will enable us to separate different lines using a
specific category. And let me improve the readability of the year sold in
the x‑axis That's good. And let's order the years in an ascending fashion.
Looks nice. As we can see, the houses in the low‑density area average
actual sell price remained almost stable from 2006 until 2010, while the
houses in the commercial area had an increase in 2007 before it goes down later.